Update the website getting started docs (#2203)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: website_docs/getting-started.md

```

Now that the packages installed you can start updating your application with imports you will use in the `app.go` file.

```go
import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"io"
	"log"
	"strconv"

	"go.opentelemetry.io/otel"
	"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/attribute"
	"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace"
)
```

With the imports added, you can start instrumenting.

The OpenTelemetry Tracing API provides a `Tracer` to create traces. These `Tracer`s are designed to be associated with one instrumentation library. That way telemetry they produce can be understood to come from that part of a code base. To uniquely identify your application to the `Tracer` you will use create a constant with the package name in `app.go`.

```go
// name is the Tracer name used to identify this instrumentation library.
const name = "fib"
```

Using the full-qualified package name, something that should be unique for Go packages, is the standard way to identify a `Tracer`. If your example package name differs, be sure to update the name you use here to match.

Everything should be in place now to start tracing your application. But first, what is a trace? And, how exactly should you build them for you application?

> To back up a bit, a trace is a type of telemetry that represents work being done by a service. In a distributed system, a trace can be thought of as a 'stack trace', showing the work being done by each service as well as the upstream and downstream calls that its making to other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To back up a bit, a trace is a type of telemetry that represents work being done by a service. A trace is a record of the connection(s) between participants processing a transaction, often through client/server requests processing and other forms of communication.
```

> Each part of the work that a service performs is represented in the trace with a span. Those spans are not just an unordered collection. Like the call stack of our application, those spans are defined with relationships to one another. If that last part about span relationships doesn't make to much sense now, don't worry. The important thing to take away is each part of your code that does work should to be represented as a span. You will have a better understanding of these span relationships after you instrument your code, so let's get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each part of the work that a service performs is represented in the trace by a span. The "root" span is the one that initiates the request, and except for the root span all spans have a parent relationship to another span in the same trace. The important thing to take away is each part of your code that does work should to be represented as a span. You will have a better understanding of these span relationships after you instrument your code, so let's get started.
```
